Skip to main content
Support Center
Bidding and budget

Understand bidding

Laboratoires ILAPHARM

Sponsored ads, United States

See my notifications
Your preferences
Understand bidding

Learn how Amazon's auction-based bidding model works, the difference between CPC and vCPM bidding, and how to use suggested bids to make your ads more competitive.

 This article explains bidding in Sponsored ads. To learn about billling on Amazon DSP, click here.

What is bidding?

Amazon uses an auction-based inventory buying model that allows you to place bids for your ads to display to shoppers. When you set a bid, you're setting the maximum amount you're willing to pay for a click or impression, depending on the bidding strategy of your campaign. Sponsored Products, Sponsored Brands, and Display campaigns use either cost-per-click or cost per 1,000 viewable impressions bids.

 

Bid Type	Supported Campaigns
cost-per-click(CPC) bids	
 Sponsored Products
 Sponsored Brands > drive page visits
 Display > page visits
 Display > conversions

cost per 1,000 viewable impressions (vCPM) bids	
 Sponsored Brands > grow brand impression share
 Display
 

Cost-per-click (CPC) bidding

A bid is the amount you're willing to pay when someone clicks your ad. Your daily budget is how much you're willing to spend on clicks each day. The standard process is:


Your ad appears to shoppers (this is an impression).
You pay only when shoppers click your ad (cost-per-click model).
Each click deducts your bid amount from your daily budget.

Note: Never bid more than you're willing to pay for a click.

Cost per 1,000 viewable impressions (vCPM)
Cost per 1,000 viewable impressions (vCPM) is available only for on and off-Amazon recognized traffic, including Twitch, Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods Market, and off-site. Essentially, when your sponsored ad gets 1,000 viewable impressions, your bid amount is deducted from your daily or lifetime budget. For advertisers that sell their products on the Amazon store, this gives you visibility into how many sales the views of your ad generated, and when customers have seen your ad then buy your brand's ASINs on Amazon later.
 


Example: If your daily budget is $20 and all your winning bids are $1, your ad may get a maximum of 20,000 impressions per day:

Daily budget ($20) ÷ winning bid ($1) = number of impressions per day (20,000)

 


Amazon Ads adheres to the MRC definition for an ad view.

 At least 50% of the ad should have been in the customer's viewport for at least 1 second for it to be registered as a viewed impression.
 For videos, at least 50% of the ad should have been in the customer's viewport with 2-second playback completed.
There is a minimum bid requirement for vCPM (it varies by ad type and country). Using the minimum bids may not lead to viewable impressions.

See minimum bid requirements by country
Suggested bid and bid range

The suggested bid and bid range provided are calculated based on bids for ads similar to yours that have won impressions over the past 7 days. They're updated daily, based on the increase or decrease in competing bids and ads in each auction. You'll see bid suggestions when creating your campaign, and can access them after campaign creation on the Targeting tab of your campaign in the campaign manager.

We suggest using the suggested bid if you're new to Amazon Ads. To make your bid more competitive and improve the chance for your ad to display, we recommend you to start with suggested bid or higher the range. You should use the suggested bid and bid range together to decide on a bid for your ad group, campaign, or keyword.

 


Example: If the suggested bid for your ad group or campaign is $0.70 ($0.40 - $1.40), the suggested bid is $0.70 and the bid range is $0.40 to $1.40.

Bidding above the suggested range

If you decide that each click or view is worth more than the suggested bid, for example $1.60, you can set your bid at $1.60. Now, since your bid is higher than the suggested bid and above the high-end of the bid range, your ads will be more competitive in auctions. This may increase your chances of winning more impressions, clicks, and sales.

Bidding below the suggested bid

If you think each click or view is worth less than the suggested bid, we recommend still staying within the suggested range. For example, $0.50. Even though $0.60 is lower than the suggested bid, you can still win impressions. However, you may win more impressions with a higher bid.

 


You can also use Performance Estimate (beta) to view the estimated weekly impressions a target may receive as a result of using the suggested bids. It also provides estimates from a range of bids to help you choose the right bid for your target.

Search
On this page
What is bidding?
Cost-per-click (CPC) bidding
Cost per 1,000 viewable impressions (vCPM)
Suggested bid and bid range
More Help
Contact Us
Case log

Was this article helpful?

Select feedback

Yes

No

© 2026 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Conditions of use
Privacy notice
Amazon Advertising Agreement
Status